Populate README (#22)
trailofbits/sigstore-conformance: README.md

sigstore-conformance
====================

<!--- @begin-badges@ --->
![CI](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-conformance/workflows/CI/badge.svg)
<!--- @end-badges@ --->

`sigstore-conformance` is a conformance testing suite for Sigstore clients.

## Supported clients

> The following clients are supported by `sigstore-conformance`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following clients are currently being tested by `sigstore-conformance`:
```

- [sigstore-python](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python)
- [cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign)

> ## Design

Author: Not sure about this section. It's important information that needs to be communicated somewhere but it reads a bit disjointed.

Reviewer: I think this is fine for now -- the audience here is pretty small, just other Sigstore client maintainers.
